Porfolio Template.markdown, before:

+----------------------------------+------------------------+----------+
| ![](vertopal_                    |                        |          |
| b1e27f8114374c74a1c907b068e78386 |                        |          |
| /media/image2.png){width="2.4in" |                        |          |
| height="0.5881944444444445in"}   |                        |          |
|                                  |                        |          |
| SCHOOL OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY |                        |          |
+==================================+========================+==========+
| NAME: Carpio, Charlimagne V.     |                        |          |
+----------------------------------+------------------------+----------+
| SECTION: IDC1                    | DATE SUBMITTED:12/8/24 |          |
+----------------------------------+------------------------+----------+

# (SYSADM1) PORTFOLIO

> **Table of Contents**

+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| **Name of Activities**                     | **Date**  |     | **   |
|                                            |           |     | Page |
|                                            |           |     | N    |
|                                            |           |     | o.** |
+============================================+===========+=====+======+
| **First Grading**                          |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Quizzes                                    |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 1                                   | 8/20/24   |     |      |
|                                            |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 2                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 3                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Other Activities                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| First Grading Exam                         |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| **Midterms**                               |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Quizzes                                    |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 1                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 2                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 3                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Other Activities                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Midterm Exam                               |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| **Finals**                                 |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Quizzes                                    |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 1                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 2                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 3                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Other Activities                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Final Exam                                 |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Course Reflection                          |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+

![Aug20](/uploads/2d4877f85257a9a60c65b7db294ceba3/Aug20.jpg)

**Course Reflection**

What were your initial expectations for the course? Did the course meet,
exceed, or fall short of these expectations?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

What were the main topics or concepts covered in the course? How did
these topics contribute to your understanding of the subject matter?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Reflecting on your learning process, what were the most effective
strategies or techniques that helped you grasp and retain the course
material?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Were there any particular assignments, projects, or activities that
significantly enhanced your learning experience? Why were they
effective?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Did you encounter any challenges or difficulties during the course? How
did you overcome these obstacles, and what did you learn from them?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Did the course encourage critical thinking and analysis? How did it
promote higher-order thinking skills, such as problem-solving or
decision-making?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Reflecting on your personal growth, what new knowledge, skills, or
perspectives did you gain from this course?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

How do you plan to apply what you have learned in this course to your
future studies, career, or personal life?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

I added the assignment 1 and library work research and its date for the first grading table, also added its images, and answered the course reflection feedback 1 and 2.

Porfolio Template.markdown, after:

+----------------------------------+------------------------+----------+
| ![](vertopal_                    |                        |          |
| b1e27f8114374c74a1c907b068e78386 |                        |          |
| /media/image2.png){width="2.4in" |                        |          |
| height="0.5881944444444445in"}   |                        |          |
|                                  |                        |          |
| SCHOOL OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY |                        |          |
+==================================+========================+==========+
| NAME: Carpio, Charlimagne V.     |                        |          |
+----------------------------------+------------------------+----------+
| SECTION: IDC1                    | DATE SUBMITTED:12/8/24 |          |
+----------------------------------+------------------------+----------+

# (SYSADM1) PORTFOLIO

> **Table of Contents**

+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| **Name of Activities**                     | **Date**  |     |      |
|                                            |           |     |      |
|                                            |           |     |      |
|                                            |           |     |      |
+============================================+===========+=====+======+
| **First Grading**                          |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Quizzes                                    |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 1                                   | 8/20/24   |     |      |
|                                            |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Assignments                                |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Assignment 1                             | 8/21/24   |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Other Activities                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Library Work Research                    | 9/04/24   |     |      |
|                                            |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| First Grading Exam                         |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| **Midterms**                               |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Quizzes                                    |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 1                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 2                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 3                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Other Activities                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Midterm Exam                               |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| **Finals**                                 |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Quizzes                                    |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 1                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 2                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > Quiz 3                                   |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Other Activities                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| > \<Name of Activity/Exercise/Library      |           |     |      |
| > Research/Etc\>                           |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Final Exam                                 |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+
| Course Reflection                          |           |     |      |
+--------------------------------------------+-----------+-----+------+

![Aug20](/uploads/2d4877f85257a9a60c65b7db294ceba3/Aug20.jpg)

![Aug21](/uploads/372398cd8e6c9d5dde7af769908da453/Aug21.jpg)

![Sept4](/uploads/55b9309a54dfae462033e66eac734e94/Sept4.jpg)

**Course Reflection**

What were your initial expectations for the course? Did the course meet,
exceed, or fall short of these expectations?
-In this course i expect that i will learn a lot about system
administration, so that in the future i might have the chance to
apply my knowledge to my chosen field.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

What were the main topics or concepts covered in the course? How did
these topics contribute to your understanding of the subject matter?
-In the course, we covered topics like virtualization, system setup
networking, system monitoring, troubleshooting, backups, operating 
system, etc. This topics help me understand how they functions and
sharpened my problem-solving skills.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Reflecting on your learning process, what were the most effective
strategies or techniques that helped you grasp and retain the course
material?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Were there any particular assignments, projects, or activities that
significantly enhanced your learning experience? Why were they
effective?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Did you encounter any challenges or difficulties during the course? How
did you overcome these obstacles, and what did you learn from them?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Did the course encourage critical thinking and analysis? How did it
promote higher-order thinking skills, such as problem-solving or
decision-making?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Reflecting on your personal growth, what new knowledge, skills, or
perspectives did you gain from this course?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

How do you plan to apply what you have learned in this course to your
future studies, career, or personal life?

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
